[Music]
all recipes member Mali is a big fan of
this potato pancakes recipe saying I
followed it exactly and was very pleased
sometimes the most simple ingredients
yield the best results to begin will
great for large peeled potatoes it's
best to use baking potatoes like russets
then grate one yellow onion transfer the
vegetables into a kitchen towel or
colander and squeeze out as much liquid
as you can still make the pancakes nice
and crispy add the train potatoes and
onions into a bowl and stir in one
beaten egg 1 teaspoon of salt and ground
black pepper to taste many all recipes
members add at their favorite blend of
spices to make this recipe their own
give it a try next we'll add 2
tablespoons of flour and stir it in
if the pancake batter is still loose add
more flour a little at a time to make it
thick and hold together to cook the
pancakes heat two cups of vegetable oil
in a heavy skillet over medium-high heat
the oil should be about a quarter inch
deep alternatively Allrecipes member
Daniela
just baking these pancakes in a 325
degree fahrenheit oven for 45 minutes
carefully drop several quarter cup
mounds of pancake batter into the oil
and flatten with a spatula to make
half-inch thick pancakes Allrecipes
member ml Morris comments make sure you
don't flip the pancakes until you can
see the bottom edges are golden brown
then fry on the other side about 5
minutes transfer the fried pancakes to a
paper towel lined plate to drain and
keep warm in a two hundred degree
Fahrenheit preheated oven until serving
time all recipes member rosemary
comments my grandmother and mother made
their potato pancakes exactly this way
for years and years this is a true
potato pancake batter from the old
country
[Music]